bTell him that it is true love that compels you to save the Princess,
and if he joins you in your quest you shall help him to find and get revenge upon the 6 fingered man
RESULT: success! You head onward with Inigo in tow

After choice 2,
movie plot ensues until you have CHOICE to change hands after Inigo reveals he has been
fighting with non-dominant hand.
aStick with left hand RESULT: Die || little skull and crossbones image on red screen of death.
b Change to right hand RESULT: movie script

After Choice 3:
RESULT: You immediately win the fight
FURTHER CHOICES: aKill Inigo, RESULT: continue movie script but with sad text (maybe some "consequence" counter keeps track and your ultimate outcome is worse)
bknock him out, RESULT: continue movie script
(c)ask him to join your quest -- promising that the princess shall be yours, and
vengeance against the 6 fingered man his. RESULT: Same as result from choice 1b

NEXT
if 1.a.i.b or 2.b or 3.b : movie script continues, on to the giant w/no inigo
Out of nowhere a giant rock nearly crushes you, but thankfully misses. Out from behind the boulder steps the giant.
He tells you he chose to miss, and you ask what happens now, and the giant responds that you
should face each other with no tricks and no weapons, as God intended.
CHOICES:
(1)Put down your sword, as the giant suggests, and wrestle honorably. RESULT: movie script
(2)Lunge at the giant sword-first RESULT: He crushes your head with a rock || little skull and crossbones image on red screen of death.
(3)Put down your sword, but when wrestling sneak out your poisoned knife and stab the giant's heart
RESULT: movie script, but with sadness counter increase

if 1b or 1aii.3c or 3c: find Fezzik with Inigo in tow. RESULT: Inigo tells Fezzik they're working with the Man in Black, now. Fezzick puts down his rock.
You all 3 go to rescue the princess from vizzini

If face Vizzini with no Inigo/Fezzik, and you challenge him to a battle of wits, to the death
(1)Do you put the poison in your cup?
(2)Do you put it in both cups?
(3)Do you put it in the cup in front of Vizzini?
RESULTS: in all cases, you're immune to iocaine powder. Diff. win texts tho depending on SADNESS COUNTER

If you face Vizzini w/Inigo &* Fezzik,
(1)Ask Fezzik/Inigo to stay out of sight, then Battle of wits is still a choice
(2)Confront Vizzini the 3 of you, Vizzini runs, leaving the princess
(3)Confront Vizzini with just Inigo. Vizzini begs Inigo to dispatch you, but he does not. You slit Vezzini nape to navel with your own sword
(4)Confront Vizzini with just Fezzik. Turns out Vizzini has a mind control device implanted in the giant.
THe giant crushes you. RESULT: Die || little skull and crossbones image on red screen of death.
fyi the SADNESS or ASSHOLE counter ticks up if the player kills inigo or fezzik